(gentle galactic music)
- So sometimes we get the question,
why are there so many
negative reviews on X3?
Now, the answer is, there aren't.
At first we were a little
confused by that question.
I think what people mean is
why are there negative comments?
Like, there are certain websites
that are kinda bodybuilding-focused
that have a lot of comments,
like "X3 doesn't work,"
or "It's a scam," or whatever.
These are all people who have never seen
or touched the product.
They probably see the bold claim.
Now, anytime somebody makes a bold claim,
it's going to be questioned.
Now, we can back up that
bold claim with science,
but when the readers of the science,
which might be the readers
on this particular bodybuilding website
that has a forum section,
and this is where it's discussed,
they probably can't read
scientific literature.
And, in their defense,
it's not easy reading.
So they may be very confused,
that's part of the reason
why we're working with so many athletes.
And you can see tons of
athletes on the website.
There's a whole wall of pro athletes
that have switched over
to X3 over weights,
'cause remember a performance athlete
doesn't really care about what they lift.
They care about what they do on the field,
and that matters a lot more.
So I think their priority is right,
and they're, of course,
highly muscular people.
They put on a lotta size
and gain a lotta strength
and speed with X3.
So (clears throat) back
to the negative reviews.
There's a couple of different groups
that are pushing out negative reviews.
The most comical one is the gym owners.
Well, obviously, we have
tens of thousands of people
who have bought X3, love X3,
and use it all the time
and they quit their gym membership
and they're bragging about
how much money they save
by quitting the gym and getting an X3.
Yeah, I mean, they're not
gonna be happy with me
or with the product,
and so some of 'em are
out there making videos
that are full of all
kinds of dishonest stuff,
lying about me, lying about the company,
and trying to discredit the product.
I actually really like
it when they pick on me
because they know they
can't say enough negative
that's accurate about the product,
because they have to lie to do that,
so then they make up stuff about me,
which is,
it's a personal attack
because they can't discredit the product,
which is hilarious,
'cause what do I matter?
I don't matter at all.
I mean, does the product work or not?
So you can tell by looking at the website
and the before and after pictures,
by looking at the users forum
and seeing tens of thousands
of people using the product
and succeeding with it,
putting on, as I say frequently,
20 pounds of muscle in six months.
You won't do that with anything else.
So I find those comical,
so there's gym owners.
Now there's some personal trainers
who get upset by X3
because some of them have come up with
sorta like a weird, convoluted program
involving all of the equipment in the gym
so that you really need the
gym to do their program.
That's unfortunate, these
people aren't too bright,
because the smarter
personal trainers get X3
and train people with X3,
either in the park,
or at their home or at
their clients' homes.
So what I say to personal trainers is
why allow the club to make the money
when you could make it all?
So go and take X3 to somebody
and put 'em through the
greatest workout of their life,
which it will be, by the way,
and they'll know it immediately.
So that's really,
I think it's just the
confused personal trainers
that don't really fully get that yet.
Now we also get some
negative videos and reviews
from people who manufacture
fitness equipment.
Of course, we get a negative review,
it doesn't really make sense.
And so we look into who the person is,
and it turns out, like this (laughs),
couple of reviews we've got
were from home fitness
equipment manufacturers.
We just traced it back
to the source, and yeah,
X3 is $550
and if you sell a plate-loaded
multi-station device,
that's gonna be like a $2,000 price point.
And so we can do with
X3 better, much better,
than one of these home gym-type things.
Plus also, when you have one of those,
you lose a room of your house,
whereas X3, even with all the
banding and the ground plate,
fits in a drawer,
or you can put it in
the travel carrying case
and you can slide it under your bed
or something like that.
So you don't need to lose
a room in your house.
It's better, so, you know,
they see this and they're very upset,
and some of 'em probably lose customers
who end up going with X3
and succeeding with it.
So a lotta conflicts of interest
in those negative reviews.
And then, there's always the customer
that didn't really
understand what they bought,
and they might say,
I remember we got a one-star review
from somebody who said,
"Bicep curls are so 1990s."
And I thought, like, okay,
so don't do 'em (laughs).
But the guy was a jerk
and gave us a one-star.
So, okay, well, there's
those guys out there, too.
But over time, we are
getting so many people
that are so happy with the product,
it'll drown out all the
clowns and confusion
and people who have never touched it
and think they know everything,
which, by the way, in
case you haven't noticed,
the internet is full of people
who know absolutely nothing
yet present themselves as
experts on many subjects.